--- 
isNews: true
language: en
title: Trance Dance 20 February
description: We love to invite you on 20 February for the next Trance Dance session at vzw Dwarsligger in Melle.
date: 02/09/2023
author: Wouter Vernaillen
thumbnail: /images/news/trancedance20february2023/event-cover-20februari.png
category: trance
header:
    image: /images/trancedance/trancedans-header2.png
---

:::div{.col-left}

# Trance Dance 20 February

***Edit:*** *This event has already taken place.*

On February 20th we would like to invite you for another [Trance Dance](/en/trancedance) session at [vzw Dwarsligger](https://www.dwarsligger33.com/event-details/trancedans) in Melle.

New for this session is the co-creation with [Karien 'Iztacitlal' Detavernier](https://www.shamanour.be/autobiography). As a shamanic healer, Karien has been guiding groups and circles for 16 years, and organizes sweat lodge ceremonies.
Karien will guide the opening and closing circle.
More information about Karien's services can be found on her website [Shamanour](https://www.shamanour.be/).

## Let it be
The theme for this session is *Let it be*. We don't always have to try to let go, push away or ignore what doesn't feel right. Acceptance and letting it be is often the key.
And you also just *may be* who you are. :HIcon{name=i-mdi-cards-heart-outline}

## Reservation
*Edit: this session has already taken place*

But if you would like to be kept informed of upcoming sessions, then subscribe to the :MailchimpExternalLink.

## What is Trance Dance?

Is Trance dance new to you? Then take a look at our [Trance Dance page](/en/trancedance).

Curious about the music? On this [Trance Dance Music](/en/news/trancedancemusic) page you can listen to the music of the previous session.
Each session different music is selected. For this session on February 20, the music will be selected based on the theme *Let it be*

For questions you can of course always contact Wouter via the [contact form](/en/contact) or via WhatsApp :WhatsAppLink{nr=+32473344656}

:::
:::div{.col-right}

## Program February 20
* welcome from 6:45pm
* opening circle by Karien at 7pm
* next we start the trance dance, which takes 1 to 1,5 hour and is concluded with an integration moment
* closing circle
* we finish the latest by 10pm

## Bring your own
* blindfold, best is dark, multi-layered fabric
* (yoga) cushion to sit (during the opening and closing circle)
* a blanket (integration moment after the dance)
* bottle of water
* possibly pen and paper to write down your experiences after the dance

:HorizontalRule{category=trance}

## Location

:DwarsliggerLocationInfo

::FloatingImage
---
src: /images/news/trancedance20february2023/vernaillen_a_wild_dancer_full_body_wearing_a_silk_blindfold.png
width: 800
height: 800
cssClass: full
caption: picture by Midjourney
imageShadow: true
---
::

:::
:::div{.col-clear}
:::
