---
isNews: true
language: en
title: New Moon ~ Cacao ~ Ecstatic Dance
desc: Join us on Sunday afternoon October 15 for our New Maan ~ Cacao ~ Ecstatic Dance!
date: 10/06/2023
author: Wouter Vernaillen
thumbnail: /images/news/nieuwemaancacaoecstaticdance/378229015_315242467855186_5523157203250944148_n.jpg
header:
    image: /images/news/nieuwemaancacaoecstaticdance/378229015_315242467855186_5523157203250944148_n.jpg
category: ecstatic
---

:::div{.col-left}

## New Moon ~ Cacao ~ Ecstatic Dance on Sunday afternoon. Come and enjoy!

We ceremoniously connect with the Cacao medicine and place our intentions, guided by Sandrine.
DJ Harmonics then takes us on a compelling, ecstatic dance journey with shamanic, tribal and southern sounds from all over the world!

DJ Harmonics (Wouter Vernaillen) combines trance dance and sound healing knowledge with DJ skills from a past life. In addition to facilitating trance dance, he enjoys providing live DJ sets for Ecstatic Dance.

Cocoa is a gentle medicine that, among other things, opens the heart. It provides a warm and energetic feeling where there is room to consciously be present in the here and now. In addition, it has numerous positive effects on the body's self-healing capacity.

:HorizontalRule{category=ecstatic}

### When?
Sunday, October 15, 2023
from 3 pm to 6 pm

### Where?
Simply Be
Daalpad (at the end on the right)
9660 Brakel

:::
:::div{.col-right}

::ImageGallery{folder="news/nieuwemaancacaoecstaticdance/gallery" columns=2 disableLightbox}
::

:::
:::div{.col-clear}
:::

:::div{.col-left}

::FloatingImage
---
src: /images/news/nieuwemaancacaoecstaticdance/378229015_315242467855186_5523157203250944148_n.jpg
width: 800
height: 800
cssClass: full
caption: Flyer created by Liesbeth Drijkoningen
imageShadow: false
---
::

:::
:::div{.col-right}

### What to bring?
- an empty stomach so you can fully enjoy the Cacao
- a blanket to cover yourself for the quiet integration afterwards
- an open heart and mind for this profound journey towards self-expression, healing and connection

Water and tea are provided…

### Energetic exchange?
From €33 to €44 according to what is possible and feels good for you.

### Information & registrations?
info@simply-be.be

We look forward to meet you!

:HorizontalRule{category=ecstatic}

:::
:::div{.col-clear}
:::
